We wanted to share a portrayal of life as a witness back in the early 1900s.
This unique dramatization about the endurance needed as a kingdom proclaimer was previously
shown to delegates at some international conventions held in one city in 2014.
This is a gift video that we received.
The title is Knock Knock.
Where are the dead?
Did you wish that question answered according to Man's theory or to have the answers pointed
out in the Bible?
You will say Man's answer would be only a guest, and yet there is no truth more clearly
taught in the Bible than that of the resurrection of the dead.
If the dead are to live again, then they must be resurrected and God has provided that
our shall be a resurrection.
The resurrection of Jesus Christ is a guarantee that all who have died must be awakened out
of death and give it a knowledge of the truth.
All mankind were born in sin, and the death of the perfect man Jesus provided the purchased
price for the right of man to live again, and in due time Jesus will awaken them out
of death.
All of the dead in God's due time should be awakened out of death.
That shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death, either
sire or cry, neither shall there be any more pain, for the form of things are passed away.
The resurrection will bring boundless joy to those who obey God under Christ's kingdom.
The obedient ones on earth, during the reign of Christ, will be given everlasting life
on their incomplete happiness and joy.
The hobos way is always right and true, learn that way and live.
The word resurrection means his standing up again to life.
If his claim with the clergy, the dead are alive in purgatory or some other place, then
it follows that there could be no resurrection, and yet there is no truth or hurt at all.